
 <a href="https://github.com/pvrgreeninternational/Paulownia-Planters-Guide--Caribbean/blob/master/BusinessPlan/01.00--Index.md"> << </a> | 01.00 | `01.01` | 01.02 | <a href="https://github.com/pvrgreeninternational/Paulownia-Planters-Guide--Caribbean/blob/master/BusinessPlan/01.02--Market-Need.md"> >> </a> | |  _The Business Plan: Concept_
 :-------: | :-------: | :-------: | :-------: | :-------: | :-------: | :-------:
 <details> <summary> Show/Hide Pages </summary>
 
<p>   
            
Page Number | 01 | 02 | 03 | 04 | 05 
 ----------------: | :----------------: | :----------------: | :----------------: | :----------------: | :----------------: 
*Page Name* | [Concept](https://github.com/pvrgreeninternational/Paulownia-Planters-Guide--Caribbean/blob/master/BusinessPlan/01.01-Business-Concept.md) | [Market Need](https://github.com/pvrgreeninternational/Paulownia-Planters-Guide--Caribbean/blob/master/BusinessPlan/01.02-The-Market-Need.md)  | [Solution](https://github.com/pvrgreeninternational/Paulownia-Planters-Guide--Caribbean/blob/master/BusinessPlan/01.03-The-Solution.md) | [Business Model](https://github.com/pvrgreeninternational/Paulownia-Planters-Guide--Caribbean/blob/master/BusinessPlan/01.04-The-Business-Model.md) | [Value Propersition](https://github.com/pvrgreeninternational/Paulownia-Planters-Guide--Caribbean/blob/master/BusinessPlan/01.05-The-Value-Propersition.md)
----------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ 
######
</p>

</details>

</br>
# Business Plan: Concept

<details>
           <summary>Basically - Grow Chinease Trees in the Caribbean:  Then sell/ export, re-plant & repeat</summary>
           <p>            
                  
1. ten year minimum commitment with medium risks & high returns
2. forestry tenancy: right of access ‘easement’ entry on the lands title

</p>
</details> 
</br>
<details>
           <summary>Intelligently - Learn from Others: investments, successes & failures</summary>
           <p>
                      
1. call this what it evidently is: a 21st century gold rush opportunity
2. forget employment model and Work Visa’s etc
3. administer it as a DAO (Decentralised Autonomous Organisation)
4. adopt AirBnB type ‘Experience’;
   1. participants pay to participate: they learn, socialise and etc
   2. valuable/ Accepted contributions, remunerated with Tree Coins
   3. flow of value from ‘planters’? vs projected yield = Tree Coin Exchange Rate
   4. visiting ‘planters’ will have restricted access, remote /online ‘planters’ will have unlimited access  
5. open Source: public research & resource library/  full transparency (using GitHub)
6. collectively pioneer a public ‘best practice - growers guide’ and Centre of Excellence (structure the information: wiki, forum, forms, contacts, R&D findings, real-time data – market prices, commodity trade LOT, NCNDA Templates etc)

</p>
         </details>     
</br>
<details>
           <summary>Diligently - Trial-Run(s): self-financed, passionate experts, existing (solar-energy) plantation</summary>
           <p>
                      
1. self-finance (seed) pilot: reduces initial risk prior to presenting initial investors
   1. incorporate existing Green-Energy (solar) Plantation
   2. assemble on-site team of experts
   3. invite online contributors (remunerate with Tree Coins)
2. traditional shareholder approach ditched (closed/ controlling etc);
   1. adopt digital ‘Tree’ Coins/tokens
   2. forest wallet mobile app 
   3. ICO/ Etherium-based blockchain & smart contract
3. tech: IoT sensors, hydroponics, solar energy, drones etc – all data feeds to website

</p>
         </details>     
</br>
<details>
           <summary>Ambitiously - Scale: plantation & organisation</summary>
           <p>
                      
1. one 33-hector (30,000 Tree) plantation = $1.5m Funding
2. two plantations = (lessons learnt from a.)  = $2.5m investment
3. four plantations = (+lessons learnt from a.+b.)  = $4m investment
4. eight plantations = (repeat c. x4 more) = $6m investment
                
</p>
  
   </details>
</br>


**01 - Passion**
- - - -
Your idea is something you're passionate about, and something you know deep down you can do well. If you're not feeling passionate about your idea or you need inspiration, try approaching your concept from a different angle, or refine it so that it resonates with you more. Bring in skills from a favorite hobby. Orient your business toward serving or selling to people you'd like to interact with. Chicken Soup for the Entrepreneur's Soul can be an inspiring read at this point in your journey. If you're looking for something a little more Zen, I recommend Eckart Tolle's The Power of Now. This ultimately enabled me to succeed in launching my business (as well as improve other areas of my life). Step back and make sure you have the passion to see this project to fruition, even though it will take a lot of work.

**Knowledge
- - - -   
You don't have to be the first to think of a product or service – or know more about it than anyone else in the universe – you just need creativity, skills, and insights to do it better than anyone else has done it so far. Consider the experiences that have frustrated you while shopping or getting help: shoddy customer service, impossible-to-find products, long waits. For your idea, devise and implement a way that saves time, is easier to use, or is more convenient; that could be your great business idea. Having a deep knowledge of your product will be important as you progress. If you don't have it yet, you'll acquire the knowledge as you complete later action steps in this road map.

**Market
- - - -   
Give consideration to the potential customers you'll serve and where they're located: in other words, your target market. You'll dig deeper into this in later action steps, so just think about it in broad strokes, or at what I would call a high level, at this point. The important consideration is that you believe that enough folks will pay for your idea to make it a viable business.

**Future
- - - -   
Whatever your idea, make sure that it's in an area that's growing or serving a market need for the foreseeable future. Selling typewriters (if you even remember what those are) for use in business communications is probably not a good idea. There will be more discussion about this in later action steps.
 
**Downtown Cookie Co. Example
- - - -   
You don't have to solve world hunger or bring global peace (though getting us closer to either of those would be nice). Just do something you know others like you will appreciate. Take, for example, Dan Guerrera, founder of the Downtown Cookie Co. Dan's homemade cookies always drew compliments at dinner parties, and Dan had always dreamed of turning his hobby into a business. With the help of Wicked Start, Dan's cookie recipes soon became his recipe for success. He moved his baking operations from a tiny apartment kitchen to an expansive professional kitchen, hired employees, and turned his cottage industry into a popular business that sells thousands of cookies a day. Dan hasn't compromised on the freshness that made his cookies stand apart from the start, but his customer base now includes individuals and businesses all over New York City and beyond. Dan is a perfect example of seizing personal passion while being savvy enough to find a void in the marketplace to fill..
