1.2 The Market Need

# A Need for Technology?

Once upon a time, there were no computers, smart phones, or many of the other cool gadgets we now take for granted. Was there a need for computers a century ago? Did people feel they lacked something? Probably not. Newspapers brought most of the news. Writing was done by hand or on typewriters. When computers became commonplace, the technology was revolutionary, making the traditional instruments redundant. And now? Typewriters are a relic of the past. Most households consider having computers, smart phones, or other such devices basic necessities.

# Is There a Need?
You may be introducing something revolutionary or a variation of something that already exists. Either way, you'll have to think about who's going to buy your product or service, and what will make those people know – or at least think – they need it.

# Who?
Consider the following questions when figuring out who you're going to target. 1) Who is going to be your ideal client? Men or women? Young people or seniors? High income or low? Singles? Married couples? Families with children? 2) Will you be targeting an untapped niche market or trying to get a share of an existing market? 3) Do your customers need to live in a certain geographical area for you to deliver your goods or services?

# Find a Target or Niche Market
If you can serve a market segment that hasn't been targeted for your type of product – for example, new moms with full-time jobs – you are more likely to succeed than if you try to serve every type of person at once. It's unlikely that you'll choose too small a segment, but if you find yourself describing your potential customers with more than a few words – new moms with full-time jobs whose three-month-old babies have psoriasis – you may want to reconsider and expand your niche.

# The World Before "Nu-Kitchen"
For example, before Nu-Kitchen, the online retail food business that I co-founded, there wasn't an easy way to order freshly prepared meals that met my dietary needs. Yes, there was the grocery store, but that required time for shopping, planning, and preparing meals every day. As a busy professional, I didn't have the time to shop, let alone cook – and to be honest, I didn't enjoy cooking and cleaning up after 10–12 hours at the office. Besides, my meals could never come close to tasting as good as my mom's did. So I identified the void as "no easy solution for ordering healthy, freshly prepared meals that could be delivered directly to my home."
