2.6 Get experience

# Get Experience

If you’re like me and entering a completely new industry, as I was when I started Nu-Kitchen, don’t worry. You’ll just need to spend more time learning about the industry. Getting hands-on experience before you strike out on your own can dramatically increase your chances of success. Instead of jumping straight into the deep end, save yourself time, energy, and money by getting some experience under your belt before you launch.

Suggestions for Getting Experience

Given that you may still have your day job – or even if you don’t – you probably need to get creative about how you go about this since your available daytime hours will be limited. Maybe you can work some evening hours, volunteer, or intern at a place that resembles your business model. The goal is to get as much insight as possible into the inner workings of your future business.
I went to culinary school and took courses on restaurant management before starting Nu-Kitchen. Online courses are especially good for people who are working all day and can’t take time out to attend live classes. If you aren’t currently employed, you may be eligible for retraining programs run by the government or nonprofit organizations. Take them! And when you’re comfortable and confident about your own business idea, you can take the next step forward.

# Do You Have Experience?

In the box below, write down whether you already have experience or have gone out to get the right experience to start your business. (Note: I really encourage you get industry experience before you go any further in the start-up process.)
