 03.04 - Web Presence : http://forestwallet.com
 
At this early stage, you don’t need to invest all of the time and money required to develop a full-blown website. If you’re creating an online or Web-based business, you may need to invest some money here, especially if this part of your working version or prototype (as discussed in Action Item 1 of this Step.)

Create Your Own Landing Page

Put up a “home” page, so that when people type in your domain name or website address (URL), they’ll see a little preview of what is to come. When you register your domain, the registrar also provides free or low-cost website design services. Those services also allow you to create a basic website using their templates. At this stage, unless you’re creating an online technology-based business, your website is mostly going to serve the purpose of being a virtual brochure, or a “Coming Soon” storefront sign, while you’ll develop a more robust version later in Step 10, Marketing. The point here is to just lay the groundwork for the more extensive planning you’ll do in later steps.

Your landing page may simply say “Website Under Construction” for now, and possibly announce the launch date. Since you’ve created a working logo, you can use that here, along with pictures and some information about your products and services based on your descriptions in Step 1. You can even write a preliminary FAQ (frequently asked questions) section so that people can learn about your idea. Include your company email address and a Contact Us form so that potential customers can tell you that they’re interested. (With your website, you can also include a link to capture the email addresses of people who visit, so that you can contact them later when you’re ready to “open.”)

# For Your Consideration

Some purists think that you shouldn’t put anything out publicly until you’re ready to launch. The choice is yours. I believe that putting up a basic website while you get feedback is a great way to understand what people want. It enables you to tweak your product or service as a result of their positive and negative reactions.

Even if (like me) you’re not too technologically savvy, you may be able to create your own initial website. This is not the final version! After all, you have many planning steps ahead of you before you actually launch the business. At minimum, with your domain name, I would consider putting up a “Coming Soon” page.

