Patent Process

I’ve spoken with IP attorneys (who are different from general business attorneys because they have a specialization in IP law), and they suggest applying for patent protection before you bring your product or service to market. If your funds are limited at the start-up stage, consider a provisional patent, which gives you some of the same protections as a full patent but lasts for only one year.

Cost of a Patent

A provisional patent is much cheaper than a full patent – about 1/3 of the cost – and essentially buys you time while you get the business off the ground, after which you should have the cash to pay for full patent protection. Costs can vary from as little as $1,500 to upwards of $4,000 for a provisional patent, while full patent protection can cost between $10,000 to $20,000 depending upon ’its complexity and the expense of the IP attorney. It’s worth pointing out that the fact that you’ve shelled out the cash for either a provisional or full patent protection doesn’t automatically mean that you’ll actually get it. That’s why having thorough research done by an experienced IP lawyer is important if you go this route.

Nu-Kitchen Patent Example

With Nu-Kitchen, I secured a patent for the website technology that let us customize a menu and delivery schedule based on each customer’s needs. (Customers answered several questions about themselves and their eating preferences at the time of account signup, which enabled detailed customization.) The provisional patent cost us about $3,500.

Will You Be Seeking Patent Protection?

In the text box below, write in whether you’ll be seeking patent protection at this juncture. Describe what you’d like to patent and then start interviewing patent attorneys. Seek out recommendations from friends or business colleagues, and talk to at least three of them. Find out if they’ve ever had to defend a patent that they’ve helped secure in court. Don’t be afraid to ask if they won. Also, check with your state bar association to make sure that the attorney is in good standing.
