3.1 Wireframe/ Product Sample

The complexity of your product will determine how closely this prototype will resemble the actual product. If it’s complex, the prototype may be a very rough equivalent due to cost, but get it as close as you can. In my experience, if you’re going to seek funding for your idea, it will be very difficult to get it without a working version of your product.

# Nu-Kitchen Example

In the case of Nu-Kitchen, when it was still an idea before we opened our doors for business, we hired a chef to prepare portion-controlled meals and package them in off-the-shelf microwavable containers (like the kind that you get from nice restaurants when you take your leftovers home). This closely mirrored the way we would package the ultimate product but allowed potential investors to actually see or taste our food – and were they impressed!

# Steps for Creating a Prototype

There are three key steps for creating a prototype, as outlined in the Creative Engineering resource link next to this Action Item.
 - 1.Create a rough sketch of what your idea looks like.
 - 2.Formalize the sketch by creating an illustration (with the help of a graphic designer, if necessary), along with a description of its functionality and list of requirements (what needs to go where).
 - 3.Use these illustrations and requirements to create the prototype or sample. You can do this by yourself or ’hire someone. The cost, of course, will vary based on the complexity of your product.

# No Prototype? Create an Illustration

If creating a physical product is not feasible or you’re offering a service, then create a visual depiction of your idea. For a service, illustrate the methodology or process flow and provide a sample a sample, whether it’s a physical report or a hypothetical customer experience with your product.

# Your Working Version, Prototype, or Product Sample?

In the area below, indicate that you’ve got a product sample. If you do, then you’re right on track!
