A certified public accountant can help you with any tax-, finance-, and accounting-related issues for the business.

The Role of the CPA

Find yourself a CPA early on in the planning process so that he or she can help you set up your business finance and accounting structure. A CPA will help you with budgeting and cash management and advise of you any particular tax laws and other regulations you should be aware of. You don’t have to pay your CPA for a lot of work at this point, but make sure you have one lined up.

At this early stage, you have the option of doing basic things, such as getting your own tax ID number, on your own. Down the road, when you’re swamped with managing your business and selling your product or service, it will be harder to find time to shop for a CPA. The cost of a CPA can be anywhere from $100/hour and up, however, you can negotiate a flat rate for certain services, for example, filing your income tax return.

Where to Find a CPA

You can get recommendations through your industry associations, your mentor, your personal contacts, or the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). CCollect several names and meet with at least three of them. Your initial consultations should be free. Make sure that you get at least three current client references – people you can actually contact for any CPA you interview.

Don’t be shy about asking the CPA questions relevant for your situation. You’ll want to walk away from the consultation knowing how much experience this professional has with businesses similar to yours, what services he or she would provide at which stages of your business development, and what the fee structure is. Find out what his or her value proposition is – what should make you want to hire him or her instead of someone else. After all, being a CPA is a business, just like yours, that needs to attract customers, but in this case, the customer is you.

Managing Your Business

Once you’re up and running, your CPA will ensure that you properly file your taxes and follow other regulatory requirements. Tax laws can be unwieldy and difficult to navigate, and having an expert on your side can ultimately save you money, time, and headaches. Your CPA should help you figure out which expenses are tax deductible so that you can set up your bookkeeping accordingly and start off on the right foot rather than scrambling to reconstruct your outlays (receipts and all) later. 

Violations of tax laws or omission of other paperwork can result in heavy fines and even the involuntary dissolution of your business, so it’s well worth hiring a pro. Plus, having a CPA sign off on your return can help reduce your risk of being audited. (Audits are never fun – I speak from experience.) And in case of an audit, you’d be all prepared with paperwork and explanations of every item.

Find Your CPA!
