4.2 Legal

Your business attorney will protect your interests by getting you the right legal documents for setting up your business, creating investor agreements (if you’re going to seek start-up funding from outside sources), telling you about particular laws for doing business in your city and state, and dealing with a host of other law-related aspects of setting up a business.

Where to Find Your Business Attorney

Finding this pro in advance will give you a chance to vet him or her. If you haven’t already asked your mentor, your industry association, and your personal contacts, now’s the time. Collect the names of several attorneys and meet with at least three of them. Make sure that you get at least three references from current clients. You can also check out your state’s bar association to make sure your potential attorney is a member in good standing and has no infractions or complaints on file. It always pays to Google a lawyer, to see if any cases come up or if any news items include positive or negative information.

Cost

Lawyer fees can vary dramatically; for a small business attorney, however, you can expect to pay about $200/hour or pay a flat fee for a specific set of services (e.g., drafting a partnership agreement or investor documents). However, the first meeting – or the initial consultation – should be free. Be sure to get fee quotes and include them in your budget. As with the CPA, come to your meeting armed with questions about the lawyer’s similar clients and the types of issues that have come up. Be sure to ask about outcomes.
You should also be able to find out what the lawyer’s value proposition is, similar to the CPA. Figure out what would make you want to hire him or her instead of someone else. After all, being a lawyer is a business, just like yours.

Suggestions for “Bootstrappers”

If you’re really bootstrapping your business and are pressed for cash, you can get many legal forms online, at sites such as at corpnet.com, which are low cost. I’ve used online services in the past myself for what I considered routine – for example, setting up my LLC business structure and getting a promissory document (a loan document) when I borrowed some start-up capital from a friend. However, having a lawyer to provide sage advice is always a good way to go.
Additionally, many municipalities, including New York City, offer some free legal services for aspiring entrepreneurs. You may want to consider leveraging some of those resources now, especially if you’re not sure how to proceed and don’t have cash to spend.


Who's Your Business Attorney?

