Down the line, once your business is generating millions in revenue, you may want to hire an advertising agency to market your product. But until then, and beyond traditional advertising, which includes TV commercials, radio and print ads: There are other ways to create demand and draw attention, many of which are low-cost or free but require creativity on your part. Think about customer word-of-mouth and low-cost ways to facilitate that, whether it's social media or referrals. Keep them all low-cost.

In terms of low-cost strategies, think about your potential channels for communication, such as a website, email, newsletters, and social media (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter). It's a fair assumption that a key medium will be a website, whether you want to do business through your website or just get the word out about your product or service. It's my belief that every business should have a website, even if it's just a calling card to let customers know you exist. Word-of-mouth is, in my opinion, the best low-cost marketing strategy. There's no better sales pitch than existing customers touting the benefits of your idea. However, this can take time to build into a strong network for finding customers, so consider ways to increase your revenue more rapidly. More on this topic in Step 10: Marketing; however, check out our Wicked Start guide to specific Low-Cost Marketing Strategies.

# Pancake House Example

For example, a pancake house might stage a media event, such as making the biggest pancake ever created, breaking all previous records. The goal would be to gain attention for the pancake house, to make customers think of coming there when they want pancakes. Think of similar strategies for your business. Helping a charity is a great way to draw positive attention, especially if you can tie it to the fabric of your business. You'll notice that many publicity campaigns tie in to giving a portion of proceeds to schools, homeless shelters, and other causes.
