
2.1 Identify your industry

For example, with Nu-Kitchen, we were part of the diet and health industry; knowing that helped me better focus my time and energy. It helped me improve how I thought through the Nu-Kitchen idea without distractions from non-core industries. Learning about trends in diet and weight loss helped me think about the best time to gear up for new business – January, after everyone makes their New Year’s resolutions to live a healthier lifestyle.

In the text box below, write which industry your business idea is in. If you’re not sure or need to do more research, read the following tips to help guide you in figuring it out.

# Government Industrial Classifications
Check out the resource links next to this Action Item to figure out which industry your business is in. For example, the Better Business Bureau will give you general categories and types of businesses.

# Online Search
Do an online search for similar or competing products or services; things that could be substituted for your product or service – or, in more optimistic terms, things that your product or service could replace!

# HELPFUL TOOLS
In the Template section for this Action, you'll an Industry Analysis guideline to help you in the research process, as well as an example of an Industry Analysis in the Example section. Refer to the Resource section to find online resources that were discussed in this Action Item.
 
# TRACK YOUR PROGRESS
Done with this Action Item? Check it off and move on to the next one. You can always come back and modify Action Items if you need to.

