2.2 Start networking

Networking will be hardest at the beginning, but that is when it is essential. Later on you’ll have established relationships, and those naturally will lead to others.

# Business Cards

Even if you can beam your contact data via your smart phone, not everyone is there yet. Even if you don’t have a name for your business idea, you need a way to give people your contact information. You can get “temporary” business cards for very little money, or even free, from websites such as Vistaprint. Down the road, when you give your business a name, get a logo and have a business email, you can always get new cards. 

# Start Networking!

Ideally, you’ want to start networking before you actually need anything specific. Think about how much easier it is to do a favor for someone you know versus for someone you don’t know. The same is true in reverse, when it comes to asking for a favor. The best part of networking before you need anything, if you’ve already managed to do someone a favor, asking him or her to do one for you is even easier.
Relationships lead to leverage. If you have some already, that’s great! Deepen them, and continue to meet other people. If you don’t have any yet, just start networking now.

# Networking Resources

Not sure where to start? Look for professional conferences, industry seminars, and business networking events. You may find quick business networking events online through MeetUp, or through local community centers – think about your community’s Chamber of Commerce or even the YMCA. They’ll be worth the cost of admission the moment you introduce yourself to a few of your fellow attendees. 
LinkedIn has become a strong online networking tool for professional purposes, so set up your free account today. Search for online groups and discussions you can join that are relevant to your industry. Even thoughFacebook is more informal, it can help you connect with potential customers down the road, some of whom may be your old friends – or even friends of friends of friends. Look for groups related to your industry and “Like” them so you’ll get notified when there are updates


